<ui:composition 
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
	xmlns:c="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsp/jstl/core"
	xmlns:fn="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsp/jstl/functions"
	xmlns:jsf="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf"
	xmlns:pt="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough"
	xmlns:o="http://omnifaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:of="http://omnifaces.org/functions"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"  
	xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
	template="/WEB-INF/templates/template.xhtml">
	
	<ui:param name="title" value="Assignment 04" />
	
	<ui:define name="externalstyles">
	
	</ui:define>
	
	<ui:define name="internalstyles">
	
	</ui:define>
	
	<ui:define name="headscripts">
		
	</ui:define>

	
	<ui:define name="maincontent">
		<b:jumbotron>
			<marquee><h1>DMIT 2015 Assignment 04</h1></marquee>
			<h2>Nicholas Morrish</h2>
		</b:jumbotron>

		<b:row>
			<b:column col-md="12">
				<h3>Welcome to the DMIT2015 Assignment 04 Home Page</h3>
			</b:column>
			<b:column col-md="12">
				<b:panel look="primary" title="Click one of the following for each Use Case:">
					<b:listLinks>
						<b:navLink href="#{request.contextPath}/CreateEvent.xhtml" value="Use Case 01: Create Calendar Event"></b:navLink>
						<b:navLink href="#{request.contextPath}/ListEvent.xhtml" value="Use Case 02: List Calendar Events"></b:navLink>
					</b:listLinks>
				</b:panel>
			</b:column>
			<b:column>
				<h3>Discussion</h3>
				<p>For this assignment, I have completed the following tasks:</p>
				<ul>
					<li>CRUD operations for storing items in the H2 database.</li>
					<li>CRUD Operations protected by user authentication at the method level.</li>
					<li>Create Calander Event Page.</li>
					<li>Edit/Delete page accessed from a list of events.</li>
					<li>List all calendar events page.</li>
					<li>Timer triggered event reminders sent via email.</li>
					<li>Timers created/edited/deleted when updating or deleting events (It is possible to add or delete a timer without changing other event settings)</li>
					<li>Deployment to Redhat Openshift (Attempted. Not successful.)</li>
				</ul>
				<p>This assignment was rather tough. The large challenge to timeframe ratio was perhaps the greatest contributor to its difficulty. Nevertheless, despite a flu limiting my productivity over the weekend, I was able to complete the assignment such that it satisfies both the assignment standards and my own.</p>
				<p>USER Logins as follows:</p>
				<ul>
					<li>Username: dmit2015</li>
					<li>Password: Password2015</li>
				</ul>
				<p>ADMIN Logins as follows:</p>
				<ul>
					<li>Username: admin2015</li>
					<li>Password: Password2015</li>
				</ul>
			</b:column>
		</b:row>

	</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="bodyscripts">
	
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>